# Night-Vision Camera - Foreign Literature

Modern imaging and deep-learning approaches add to the discussion in foreign literature. In order to locate objects in dark maritime conditions, De Ocampo (2023) used data from visible-infrared radiometers. They showed that even in situations when there is very little visible light, IR-based imaging may still function well. A thorough analysis of numerous deep learning techniques for improving low-light images was conducted by Li et al. in 2021. The majority of these techniques are now used in night vision equipment to restore detail and brighten scenes.
Furthermore, the application of thermal-based techniques is covered in overseas literature as well. To make thermal information easier to interpret, Almasri and Debeir (2020) created a model that transforms thermal infrared images into outputs that resemble visible light. At the same time, Rawool and Mary (2022) investigated a number of night vision technologies, including active illumination, thermal imaging, and low-light sensors, and they explained which solutions are most effective in specific situations.
Improvement techniques continue to advance in foreign literature. Hu et al. (2024) used neural networks and Retinex algorithms to improve the clarity of low-light photos. Gan and Wang (2024) also showed that using features from low-light photos as a guide, deep-learning models might improve infrared photographs. These international research concur that the current state of night vision imaging relies on neural networks, enhancement algorithms, and infrared sensors.
