# Facial Recognition - Foreign Literature

Several international research works have analyzed the spread of facial recognition technology in different sectors such as education, security, and public governance. One of the articles presents facial recognition as a biometric that identifies a person and at the same time, mentions its application in schools, workplace monitoring, and emotion analysis. The paper also points out the fear of increased monitoring, discrimination, and controlled learning environments as a result of the technology`s intensified use (Andrejevic & Selwyn, 2019). Besides, a research paper investigates the methods that companies use to introduce facial recognition systems in classrooms through technical upgrades, negotiation with institutions, and strategic marketing. The authors suggest that these measures facilitate the standardization of the school biometric system which is implemented under poorly regulated conditions (Selwyn et al., 2022).
Moreover, the study sheds light on the relationship between facial recognition and learning space. The results indicate that campus networks help identity verification but bring forth different demographic groups' accuracy levels, which in turn, leads to bias and responsibility issues. Besides these, authors highlight numerous legal and governance challenges to the biometric adoption that regulations can hardly keep up with the fast technological growth and insist on the need for robust legal, secure data, and transparent management. (Wang et al., 2024). Furthermore, public opinion surveys offer additional understanding about the impact of the news media on trust and attitudes towards facial recognition. In these experiments, certain narratives were found to determine user acceptance and risk perception, thus, providing the basis for the further public policy and communication strategies discussions (Shore, 2022).
